all right pullers on
takes them to make sure it's even all
the way around you look pretty good
there and we're going to start to crank
on it I really wish I had a place to sit
this
no forget it I hope you are
criteria
here we go
boy
checking to make sure we're still
straight
everything looks good called Jake's
emergency number a few times not
answering I'm ready to go man
it's pretty damn tight I just heard
something pop
I hope that was that was bright
oh they're off again
damn this popcorn in my car
as you turn
I think Barry's coming out boys oh
dude I feel another to da moment
oh he ever bring the web
hello
honey not right now can I call you back
in a minute
and it's coming out really easy now
watchin watchin wonderful damn money no
in there it is and there's all the
oil Jake told me about I'm bearing is
out boys I love it when a
planters got to love it when a plan
comes together huh here we are I hope
you got to see it
and when bearing that came out so simple
that was unbelievable that was a lot
easier than anybody and made it sound
there it is
with my very very good shape
my ring is in one piece nothing came
apart so I have no worry about anything
being in the engine my bearings in fine
shape
yeah it looks like I didn't have to do
the job but you know what I feel better
now i can drive it like i stole it and
not have to worry about it so okay
that's it